Changing headers to sentence case #2 (#2729)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-server-to-synchronize-content-over-a-network.adoc

[id="configuring-server-to-synchronize-content-over-a-network_{context}"]

> = Configuring {Project} server to synchronize content over a network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring {ProjectServer} to synchronize content over a network
```
